URL: https://www.coreops.ai/resource-hub/blogs/the-making-of-coreops-ai
TITLE: CoreOps.AI Journey: Accelerating Enterprise AI Transformation & Innovation

CoreOps.AI edge

About

Products

Services

Resource hub
Contact us
Enquire now
Published on : 23/06/2025 | Read time : 3 minutes

The making of CoreOps.AI

Many emotions run through me as I capture some thoughts for our website.

About a year ago four of us walked away from comfortable leadership roles at global technology giants. For decades we had created value for our respective MNC’s and realised it was time to build something of our own — for our people, for India and for the world. Hence CoreOps.AI was born with a bold vision: to build a transformation engine for enterprises — an innovation-first company grounded in employee and customer centricity and one that contributes meaningfully to society.

In the early days, we debated our direction intensely. Should we dive into health supplements. Or beauty products for a booming Indian market. Re-selling hardware as system integrators or building an e-commerce technology aggregation marketplace.

Ultimately, we gravitated towards what we know best and that is to solve real business problems through deep technology. Having run large businesses globally and with rich experience in enterprise transformation and product innovation, the emerging field of Artificial Intelligence felt like a natural fit and a bold, exciting frontier.

One year in and I couldn’t be more proud of the progress we have made. CoreOps.AI is modernizing legacy systems through a platform-led approach that accelerates transformation by 2X and delivers significant cost savings of 25%. We are building products at an incredible pace — always focused on real-world impact. And we have relentlessly curated a world-class team of domain experts, technologists, and business minds. Every customer interaction, feedback from global technology giants and every conversation with a partner – in India and beyond – reinforces that we are on the right path.

And yet, we’re just getting started.

We are here to be the best at what we do, and we’ll keep raising the bar.
We are here to be recognized as industry leaders, and we’ll earn that recognition.
Our destiny is to be the most admired organization, and we will push ourselves towards excellence.
We are here to make a difference, and we’ll hold ourselves accountable to that higher purpose.

We obviously have a long way to go, and we will succeed. Because we believe in our people. Because we work with conviction, ownership and pride. Because we have an intense burning desire to make a difference. And because we hold ourselves to the highest standards of integrity, transparency and trust.

To our employees — a big thank you!
To our customers, partners and well-wishers — we have immense gratitude for your belief in us.
We know you’re rooting for our success and there cannot be a bigger motivation!

About the author

Rajiv Srivastava

CEO @ CoreOps.AI

To know more, book a demo:
Email: marketing@coreops.ai
Website: www.coreops.ai

Join industry leaders who have transformed their operations with CoreOps.AI

Request a demo
Interested in CoreOps.AI?

Speak with our experts to learn how our platform can transform your enterprise operations.

Request a demo
Related posts
CoreOps.AI wins Best AI & Technology Startup of the Year 202...

A moment of pride. A journey in the making.

28/04/2026 
Read more
Selection of right data migration platforms, methodologies a...

Change is the only thing constant in the fast paced digital environment today.

24/10/2025 
Read more
Bridging the talent gap: COREHire’s AI-driven recruitment te...

COREHire is a state-of-the-art AI recruiting software designed...

23/07/2025 
Read more

Corporate Address

INS 701, Urbtech Trade Centre, Block B, Sector 132, Noida, Uttar Pradesh 201304

Products
AgentCORE
DataCORE
CORESight
COREHire
COREServ
CORETrack
Aithra
About
Careers
Contact us
Services
Enterprise AI services
Enterprise application services
Resource hub
AI trends
Press releases
Events
Blogs
Customer success stories
Use cases

Copyright © 2026. All rights reserved.

Privacy policy | Terms of service