URL: https://www.coreops.ai/resource-hub/use-cases/foreign-object-detection-using-computer-vision-for-a-leading-qsr
TITLE: Foreign Object Detection in Dough Balls | Computer Vision for QSR

CoreOps.AI edge

About

Products

Services

Resource hub
Contact us
Enquire now
Foreign object detection using computer vision for a leading QSR

To solve for
Approximately 2.5 to 3 lakh dough balls are prepared daily at one of the commissaries and shipped to
restaurants. There are 11 such commissaries and 1800+ stores. Plastic trays are used to carry the dough balls.
Numerous complaints received from restaurants. Issues include trays not being clean, incorrect counts of
dough balls, incorrect sizes, and dough balls containing black particles, plastic, or other foreign materials.
Trays with incorrect counts lead to shortages at the stores. If the store team does not notice the defects, then
defective pizzas is delivered to customers.
Solution
Built a hardware & software computer vision system that is placed over the conveyor belt that can visually inspects the dough balls in the tray moving at a very high speed.
Checks doughball size, count, sticking together, dough residue, black particles, nuts, threads, etc.
For operator, defected tray image is shown on big screen along with alarm.
Benefits
Defects reduced from approx. 1600-1800 per SCC to around 700-800.
Training & quality team remotely audit the dough ball without going to SCC.
Store complaints reduced by 30%-40%.
Due to each tray images on website, team can perform defect analysis.
Tray tracking is now possible for which RFID expensive solution was planned.
Related posts
AutoPartsCo – Predictive maintenance & spare part planning w...

For manufacturers, unplanned downtime is the enemy of efficiency.

 
Read more
PharmaCo – Demand forecasting & promo planning with AgentCOR...

In a highly competitive pharma market, accurate demand planning...

 
Read more
Retail – Customer churn prediction and retention planning wi...

In retail, retaining premium customers is far more cost-effective than acquiring new ones.

 
Read more

Corporate Address

INS 701, Urbtech Trade Centre, Block B, Sector 132, Noida, Uttar Pradesh 201304

Products
AgentCORE
DataCORE
CORESight
COREHire
COREServ
CORETrack
Aithra
About
Careers
Contact us
Services
Enterprise AI services
Enterprise application services
Resource hub
AI trends
Press releases
Events
Blogs
Customer success stories
Use cases

Copyright © 2026. All rights reserved.

Privacy policy | Terms of service